All right.
Once we have tackled the grid template areas.
Next one up we're going to talk about the order property and it should sound very very familiar because
it is.
We already covered it in the CSX legs box.
So we're going to take a look at it again in the light of CSX grid.
Now first of all what I would like to do is you know what I'm going to set up two columns.
Hundred and hundred like so I am going to get rid of my template areas.
I don't need them and I'm going to delete the cells even though we're going to add them at the very
end anyway and let's save that.
Then of course I do have some kind of issue because I think I deleted it the curly brace ended and we're
back to our setup where we have a three columns as well as the two rows.
So each and every item within our container so within our grid parent container each and every child
item more a cell has the order of 0.
So if we're going to change that order well we could either replace it at the end or in the beginning
or a few of them how it actually in between.
So I guess first let's try it out with cell number 1 and let's change that property.
And by the way I do need to place it within the style.
Otherwise I'm going to have the error.
So let's select mortar and let's say or is going to be what.
Well let's say order number two.
Now what do you think is going to happen.
Let's save it.
And now my cell number one is sitting all the way at the end.
Now the reason why it's sitting all the way in the end because the rest of them have the order of zero
correct.
So if we have a positive order we just place it at the end of the pack.
Now if I would like to place the cell number six at the very beginning what I would need to do I need
to set up my order to a negative value.
So let's set up a cell number one.
I'm sorry not cell number one.
Truly let's set cell number six.
That's what I was saying to a negative 1 and now I placed it in the center like I said I can always
place it in between if I have some kind of values.
So let's say I'm going to add four cell number to some kind of value.
So since I am using let's say 2 I'm going to add like 4.
OK so let's go the cell number.
I said or you know what let's do three.
Let's play cell number three is going to have the order value of four like so.
So now I have cell number 1 and then cell number 3 is at the very end of the pack because order is the
most positive.
And now I'd like to place let's say cell number five in between them.
Now how do I do that.
I have 2 and 4.
So we can just shockingly head over to a cell number five very easy.
What's the order of three is that is in between two and four separate.
And now I have cell number six as a first one because it has negative 1 and then I just rearranged the
order a little bit.
OK.
Using the order of two three and four.
And that's how we can use order properly when we're working with C says grid.